I have abandoned hello that as already
you know a new video a long time ago and I've
made a video because people with the
twitter is telling me and I what
there was a video but I have nothing
to tell or at least to give me
there is a poquita although I get by
instagram every two times three but good
well look here I do not make life or
be since I do not make videos that has
passed my life for sincerely a
little is leaving the diet
because I feel lazy
I have left class because because we are going to
see this too and I Hooking
name because the beta came out
palmar I approved it and now how am I
here a little hooked and then
I'm half happy because there are more of us
offers a project that if everything goes well
super cool base will already know and pray
for me, it's worth a little bit
so that I get it right please sir
because the lord hopefully I really and really
I get it right and while we could
train the contour yaviré and all that and
I do not know I do not have much to
tell us good really yes because it leaves
diet and left class and that's true
it's something important at least I'm
doing a little bit of bicycle and that
something very new but still the funny thing
is that I do not get fat I do not understand my body
the funny thing is that lost on top of
dieting having eaten shit from
everything of all kinds
I am a gypsy and I testify a lot and that
I do not feel like it's more me
I'm going to Madrid to the concert of the lady of
king finally
is that they were not honestly told in
he has been a bit pissed off with
the world that are happening lately
things are developing me a little
humanity is disappointing me and I am
realizing certain things that I do not
make me laugh because it hurts the
true because I did not expect certain things
of certain people but good life is
so everything is progressing or will be fixed
or will stay there as it is but good so
is life and the payments of life is what
who has and also changes with the world
for the subject of falsified the postureo and
all the nonsense of people who do not
I support because really that in the
twitter you list there are some that you read
it's true I do not understand why
ate tennis to enter being a thing
that I'm not for what to like him
the people because pussy are you and yourself
you fall well being yourself and news that
create a false image above you
they are subnormal that they prepare it for you
normally and you get caught god
because when you have to waste time
doing by trying an image that is
lie what is good for you is that they are things
that I really get into the
everyday be yourself and if you do not like
to someone for being yourself who give them
by the ass fucking enjoy life makes
happy and do not be bitter appearing
be who you are not as much as people
what do you do to enter a group
type of a certain type of group
plan because there does not fit because I do not know
what is it that starts to change for
that or like those in the closet
that is another example that you can
respect for family such but seriously
the people who are alive also in the
sexual sense in plan
orientation as of in the sense of
icon you see it express
and I understood the people who appear
to be the one who does not have not gotten involved
People who
and it's not my heart and I the people who
invents things and acts in the way
in a way that is not his way of
understand and then also with those who
they have a girlfriend and everyone knows that
fagot but still have girlfriend and this
girl is silly and zamora and does not realize
something else does not enter my head to
what the fuck is fucking someone uncle
of the closet and leaves autonomy that the
poor and has suffered enough already left
spend more time with them so they do not
suffer the poor miana that lately the
world measured up the eggs and nothing that
that what
the future that I'm going to more in madrid in
madrid a mario is greater in madrid and in
summer if everything goes well I'll go
to stay I go to watermelon I go to
move a poquita if you see me by
gandia if you see me lying on the ground not
worry is my mission just throw the
I have a lot of ground that benja police to take me
crane picks me whatever it takes that
I want to finish dead person and I already
I'm wanted to make a video of four
hours and I'm getting my arm and
down has been paralyzed good that is ok
yanina me to my camera and nothing that I
I get nervous myself do not put the
take for it a cheese that I'm going to my
face my teeth and half gets in the bed
to see what time I fell asleep because
is another issue that he already relapsed before
we are dealing with the four troops
I have already returned to my schedule
Normal of going to bed at 8 o'clock in the morning
all in that I am from although I love you very much
that really what
youtube is not sincerely do not know
that I am a person when it comes out
of the tail and honestly if I keep doing
videos is for the people who tell me and me
I had a really bad day
thank you why you do not realize but
do things for us I do not know what goes
the people who say that I have helped
that I have made happy that I have done
smile just really seriously what I
he said with a smile and that's why massey
I felt a useful person and that's why I continue
making videos not for anything else I'm
recording with the audio of bone I'm
recording with this the audio because the
samsung I'm recording with the c3 and the
audio is crap and right away
took advantage to be serious and founded that is
pretty is very pretty and then yes
recording what with this why I
I have a good hand that what from
that I'm going to when I record even 16
minutes the best what you see
there are 45 or not who knows what I'm going
I really want to look like a reporter
bold that I love much you
go well the life that thanks for watching me
that gives you little hand up if you get the
right egg and that the one that lives the
living life story aphrodite macvan push
push
and goodbye